With geolocation and so on implemented Let's turn to words to camera.
I'm back in the documentation and here in the native section I'll scroll to the camera here to see how
we should at this.
Again to find out more about this plug in all its features how it works and so on.
Have a look at this link you find here.
Just get a link.
And of course you can also scroll through this documentation to learn how it works.
So let's now fetch this command here again.
You run the command to add this plug in to our project.
So I onic plug in at coord about plug in camera.
We need to run this to again added an AB lead and set the right permissions.
We have this in place we can now start using that camera now in the template of the airplane page.
We see that we do have these open camera button which will execute the on take photo method.
So let's implement on take a photo method in our typescript File here in our class and there.
I want to access the camera.
Now we didn't able to plug in.
So the next step is to go to our import from ionic native.
And besides importing geolocation I also want to import the camera.
So with this enabled I can simply access it on the camera Optik we just import it.
And here we do have the get picture method we can execute.
This will open up our camera.
Now here we can pass some configuration and let's find out which configuration we can set here.
We can find out on the official documentation if we scroll down a bit here.
You also can see how that works with the options we can set and the options we can set can be found
here.
To camera options as you can see there are quite a lot of options you can set like the quality you want
to get DiVall the 50 as you can see in here.
The destination type and that's an interesting one because here you can decide how the image should
be stored.
The default is that it stores it in some temporary storage and gives you the you are the path to that
storage where it's stored it so that you can then take that and may be copied to another location.
We will do that later.
You could also return the image as a base 64 encoded string here with the Eurail for example.
Sort of definitely Arsen different options of getting this image.
I'll go with the default of letting the camera store it and some temporary path and giving me the location
though and so on.
You can also set the target width and height of that photo.
We also have coating type which allows us to be fine.
We want to get a cheap or B and she did default is cheap.
And we do have the correct orientation here which allows us to use your interation we used when taking
the photos today.
We take a landscape photo we save it as landscape.
So with this in place I will now go back to the camera here camera get picture and I want to set the
encoding type.
And I will simply set it to show how this works.
I will stick to JPEG.
But just again to show how it works all scepters by adding encoding type property and then by accessing
the camera.
And here we do have an encoding type Inam you could say where I can choose.
Jay.
So this again is default.
We wouldn't have to edit but just to show you how you can set some of those apps options.
Let's also try setting the correct orientation option here to try to see what this does.
And you can again play around with the options and fine tune it to your needs.
So if this were telling it how to take our picture of course we need to handle the picture and ask the
geolocation.
This is a promise where we have a den where we can add and then Meffert to handle the success case and
the catch case to handle any errors and you should handle errors because of course you can get errors.
For example again if you don't have the permissions to take the photo or as we build scene soon if you
try to take this in the browser and you don't have a way of accessing a camera there.
So if this I'm going to handle the first year and hearable simply will lock this error to the console
for now that's all the work with the success case here we will get some image data and we can now use
this image data and image data depends on what we chose as a destination type here.
Right.
So if this is your all pointing to our image or if it is the whole image encoded as a base 64 string.
So this is basically depending on your destination type.
For me it will be your LHD image so I'm going to lock this year Q and a half dozen someplace.
Let's save this and see if it works in the browser so that our app reload and then I'm going to go there
and click an open camera and we see that this doesn't work because coord of us not a whale because we
did need to run this on a native device.
So let's try it on a latest native device.
Then we saw how to do this in the run and on a native device section.
I'm going to exit out of I on serve here and I'm going to build it for us.
We're running this I now open this build project an X killed I connected my iPhone here.
Let's now run it on this iPhone by hitting the play button here.
This will now build it and X code again and then ship it to my iPhone.
And now I can't mirror my screen and keep the connection to execute code but I want to show you this
lock here.
So I decided to not mirror the screen for now.
I did open the app there and now I will navigate to the open camera thing and know I'm asked if I'm
allowing easy access to my camera.
And I think OK if you press no here we will actually see the arrow case.
I'll go for the success case and then I will try to take a picture and you may watch the console here.
Click on use photo.
And now this is D-Conn. So log with the path to the photo.
I just took so that back in the application this is what I'm logging here.
This image data that is what you're seeing down here.
So this is the path of the image in this temporary folder.
And in the temporary fall of course this is no place that we should store it forever because this will
be cleaned up by the operating system.
If space is running out or something like this but you can see that it worked that the image was safe
there.
Now the next step is to improve the UI a little bit and that also to show it or to add to our project
to show it on our own or some place before we then work on moving this image to a more permanent place
where we can store it forever or for a longer time at least.